# iOS 14

### App Library
The App Library is a new space at the end of your Home Screen pages that automatically organizes all of your apps into one simple, easy‑to‑navigate view.
* Automatic categorization
* Suggestions
* Search
* Hide Home Screen pages
* Recently Added

### Widgets
A widget elevates key content from your app and displays it where people can see it at a glance on iPhone, iPad, and Mac. 
* Widgets on the Home Screen
* Widgets in different sizes
* Widget gallery
* Widget stacks
* Smart Stack

Creating a Useful, Focused Widget
* Focus your widget on one idea.
* In each size, display only the information that's directly related to the widget's idea.
* Avoid creating a widget that does nothing but launch your app.
* Offer your widget in multiple sizes when doing so adds value. 
* Prefer dynamic information that changes throughout the day. 
* Look for opportunities to surprise and delight. 

Supporting Widget Configuration and Interactivity
* Ensure that tapping your widget opens your app at the right location. 
* Avoid defining too many tap targets. 
* Let people know when authentication adds value.

Updating Widget Content
* Keep your widget up-to-date. 
* Let the system update dates and times in your widget. 
* Show content quickly. 

Designing a Beautiful Widget
* Communicate your brand through color, typography, and images.
* Aim for a comfortable density of information. 
* Use color judiciously.
* Support Dark Mode. 
* Consider using SF Pro. 
* Always use text elements in a widget to ensure that your text scales well. 
* Consider using SF Symbols. 
* Design a realistic preview to display in the widget gallery. 
* Design placeholder content that helps people recognize your widget. 
* Write a succinct description of your widget.


### App Clips
